To build a computer the following part are required :

1. Computer case - this is the tricky part, the computer case dimensions and functionality should match all the other
   components in the system. The computer case usually comes with a front panel with consists of USB 2 and 3 connectors,
   audio, set power on and reset the computer
2. Central processing unit ( CPU )
3. Mother board that support the specific central processing unit ( usually is either supports Intel or AMD processors )
4. Power supply unit ( PSU ) which should be able to provide for saftey twice as much as the system actually requires.
   Modular power supply unit means that are no fixed cables on it, and all cables are optional, on the other hand there
   are semi modular which comes with some cables fixed and the others are choosen
5. Random access memory - this is the system memory
6. Non volatile memory - this will store the data when the computer is off
7. Cooling system or Fans - one for the central processing unit itself and as much needed ( and supported by the
   motherborad ) system fans
8. Cables - and lots of them


Cables and connections between parts of the system :


The motherboard usually comes with the following options for connecting things :

It is very rcommended to buy a large motherboard, the working process with it becoms a lot more easy!

1. There are 2 main power connections : ATX - 24 pins, ATX_12V - 8 pins ( this one is for the central processing unit )
2. There is a panel of pins which the case front cables for power, reset and non volatile memory working led ( only the 
   led cable connector plus and negative side matters for the other 2 it is not )
3. USB 2 and 3 connection ( The USB 2 is molex cable and the USB 3 is looks blue and more advanced )
4. Central prcoessing unit and system fan connectors
5. SATA - this is usually to connect the mother board to the non volatile memory ( hard disk, SSD ). This cable usually
   comes with the mother board package!
6. Pin panel for case front cable for the audio connectors
7. A few locations to set the random access memory
8. A few locations to set the graphic processing unit 

The power supply usually comes with the following options for connecting things :

1. 24 PIN ATX - this is used to provide power to the motherboard 24 pin ATX
2. 8 PIN CPU - this is used to provide power to the motherboard 8 pin ATX 12V for the central processing unit
3. 8 PIN PCI-e - this is used to provide power to the graphic processing unit
4. SATA - this is used to provide power to the non volatile memory ( this can also be used by the system fans to connect
   directly to the power supply unit without the motherboard between )

The non volatile memory usually comes with the following options for connecting things :

1. SATA - for power - this is connected on the other end to the power supply unit
2. SATA - for data - this is connected on the other end to the central processing unit


The build process itself :

1. Set all the system fans in th case
2. Set the motherboard input/output panel ( it usually comes with the motherboard and has a metalic side and a side
   with descriptions for each entry ). There might be one that came with computer case, just remove and install the 
   motherboard one
3. Set the central proceesing unit in the mother board. The process is as follows :

	The motherboard comes with a place that has a cover that says remove. Remove it and it will reveal the central
	processing unit setting location. Next to it would a metal stick, that needs to be pushed up. The important part
	is not to touch the central prcoessing unit only on the sides, and not press it hard, it should fit easily and 
	just a little check to make sure it is inside. After the central processing unit is in place the metal stick 
	should be pulled down to secure the central processing unit. And now it is important to ensure it is kept clean

4. Install the base for the central processing unit cooling method ( if it is a fan system don't install all the system
   only the part that connects to the motherboard, and not yet the cooling part )
5. Put the motherboard into its location in the computer case. The computer case usually comes with a set of 'liffetrs'
   which are connected to the computer case and the motherboard is put on them. Ensure that the motherboard input/output
   connectors are set correctly into the motherboard input/output panel. Finally, when the motherboard is correctly set,
   secure it with a screw for each lifter
6. Now connect all the case front cables and fan cables that should connect to the motehrboard, this should include :

		- USB 2 and 3
		- POWER ON
		- RESET POWER
		- NON VOLATILE WORKING LED
		- AUDIO

7. Install the random access memory into the motherboard 
8. Install the non volatile memory, secure it with screws. Connect it to the motherboard with the SATA cable provided with
   the motherboard package
9. Install the power supply unit, it maybe be better to connect the cables to it before it is inside the computer case. 
   This should include :

   		- ATX 24 PIN
   		- CPU 8 PIN
   		- SATA POWER

10. Connect the the ATX 24 PIN and CPU 8 PIN to the motherboard
11. Connect the SATA power to the non volatile memory
11. Install the central processing cooling system ( it is important to put thermal liquid on the central prcoessing unit
    between it and the cooling system to allow better condution of heat )
12. In some cases the fans a fan controller that needs to be connected directly to the power supply unit through
    a molix connector that connect on one side to the contrroller and on the other side to power supply unit 8 PIN
    perphrieal


Make sure the cables are organized!!
